Update MLTransform docs (#29910)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/ml/preprocess-data.md

    -   Count the occurrences of words in all the documents to calculate
        [TF-IDF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tf%E2%80%93idf)
        weights.

>     -  Generate [embeddings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedding) on text data using LLMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  Generate [embeddings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedding) on text data using large language models (LLMs).
```

    -   Count the occurrences of words in all the documents to calculate
        [TF-IDF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tf%E2%80%93idf)
        weights.

>     -  Generate [embeddings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedding) on text data using large language models (LLMs).

Reviewer: We might want to make this the first list item, depending on how much we want to emphasize embeddings. We could also move the Text embedding transforms section before the Data processing transforms that use TFT section.

## Support and limitations {#support}

-   Available in the Apache Beam Python SDK versions 2.53.0 and later.

> -   Supports Python 3.8, 3.9 and 3.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Supports Python 3.8, 3.9, and 3.10.
```

-   Only available for pipelines that use [default windows](/documentation/programming-guide/#single-global-window).

## Transforms {#transforms}

> You can use `MLTransform` to perform various data processing transforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `MLTransform` to generate text embeddings and to perform various data processing transforms.
```

## Transforms {#transforms}

> You can use `MLTransform` to perform the following data processing transforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `MLTransform` to perform various data processing transforms.
```

> ### Data Processing Transforms using TFT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data processing transforms that use TFT
```

> For information about the tft based transforms, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following set of transforms available in the `MLTransform` class come from
the TensorFlow Transforms (TFT) library. TFT offers specialized processing
modules for machine learning tasks. For information about these transforms, see
```

| TFIDF | See [`tft.tfidf`](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/transform/api_docs/python/tft/tfidf) in the TensorFlow documentation. |:
{{< /table >}}

> ### Generate Text Embeddings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Text embedding transforms
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence after the heading but before the table:

You can use `MLTranfrorm` to generate embeddings that you can use to push data into vector databases or to run inference.

Author: Done

{{< table >}}
| Transform name | Description |
| ------- | ---------------|

> | SentenceTransformerEmbeddings | Uses [sentence-transformer](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers) models to generate text embeddings. sentence-transformers models hosted on HuggingFace hub are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SentenceTransformerEmbeddings | Uses the Hugging Face [`sentence-transformers`](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers) models to generate text embeddings.
```

> | VertexAITextEmbeddings | Uses [Vertex AI]( https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/generative-ai/embeddings/get-text-embeddings) text embedding models to generate text embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| VertexAITextEmbeddings | Uses models from the [the Vertex AI text-embeddings API](https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/generative-ai/embeddings/get-text-embeddings) to generate text embeddings.
```

| TFIDF | See [`tft.tfidf`](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx/transform/api_docs/python/tft/tfidf) in the TensorFlow documentation. |:
{{< /table >}}

### Text embedding transforms

> You can use `MLTranfrorm` to generate embeddings that you can use to push data into vector databases or to run inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `MLTranform` to generate embeddings that you can use to push data into vector databases or to run inference.
```

For more examples, see
[MLTransform for data processing](/documentation/transforms/python/elementwise/mltransform)
in the [transform catalog](/documentation/transforms/python/overview/).

### ScaleTo01 example {#scaleto01}

This example demonstrates how to use `MLTransform` to normalize your data
between 0 and 1 by using the minimum and maximum values from your entire
dataset. `MLTransform` uses the `ScaleTo01` transformation.

Use the following snippet to apply `ScaleTo01` on column `x` of the input
data.

```
data_pcoll | MLTransform(write_artifact_location=<LOCATION>).with_transform(ScaleTo01(columns=['x']))
```

The `ScaleTo01` transformation produces two artifacts: the `min` and the `max`
of the entire dataset. For more information, see the
[Artifacts](#artifacts) section on this page.

> ## Metrics {#metrics}

Reviewer: Just want to verify whether removing the Metrics section is intentional.
